Add note about Any CPU usage (#22531)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/native-interop/expose-components-to-com.md

Unlike in .NET Framework, there is no support in .NET Core for generating a COM Type Library (TLB) from a .NET Core assembly. The guidance is to either manually write an IDL file or a C/C++ header for the native declarations of the COM interfaces.

> In .NET Framework, an "Any CPU" assembly can be consumed by both 32-bit and 64-bit clients. In .NET Core, .NET 5, and later versions, "Any CPU" assemblies are accompanied by 64-bit *.comhost.dll*, so they can only be consumed by 64-bit clients.

Reviewer: >In .NET Core, .NET 5, and later versions, "Any CPU" assemblies are accompanied by 64-bit *.comhost.dll*, so they can only be consumed by 64-bit clients.

Right, that is the default because that is what the SDK represents. This is identical in behavior to how one would publish a "self-contained" feature, by default it uses what the SDK provides. The `NETCoreSdkRuntimeIdentifier` MSBuild property is key here. That property determines the bitness of `*.comhost.dll`. The managed part is actually bitness agnostic as expected, but the accompanying native asset defaults to the SDK.

I think that is the nuance needed here.

> In .NET Framework, an "Any CPU" assembly can be consumed by both 32-bit and 64-bit clients. By default, in .NET Core, .NET 5, and later versions, "Any CPU" assemblies are accompanied by 64-bit *\*.comhost.dll*, so they can only be consumed by 64-bit clients. That is the default because that is what the SDK represents. This behavior is identical to how a "self-contained" feature is published: by default it uses what the SDK provides. The `NETCoreSdkRuntimeIdentifier` MSBuild property is key here. That property determines the bitness of *\*.comhost.dll*. The managed part is actually bitness agnostic as expected, but the accompanying native asset defaults to the SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> In .NET Framework, an "Any CPU" assembly can be consumed by both 32-bit and 64-bit clients. By default, in .NET Core, .NET 5, and later versions, "Any CPU" assemblies are accompanied by a 64-bit *\*.comhost.dll*. Because of this, they can only be consumed by 64-bit clients. That is the default because that is what the SDK represents. This behavior is identical to how the "self-contained" feature is published: by default it uses what the SDK provides. The `NETCoreSdkRuntimeIdentifier` MSBuild property determines the bitness of *\*.comhost.dll*. The managed part is actually bitness agnostic as expected, but the accompanying native asset defaults to the SDK.
```

Unlike in .NET Framework, there is no support in .NET Core for generating a COM Type Library (TLB) from a .NET Core assembly. The guidance is to either manually write an IDL file or a C/C++ header for the native declarations of the COM interfaces.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > In .NET Framework, an "Any CPU" assembly can be consumed by both 32-bit and 64-bit clients. By default, in .NET Core, .NET 5, and later versions, "Any CPU" assemblies are accompanied by a 64-bit *\*.comhost.dll*. Because of this, they can only be consumed by 64-bit clients. That is the default because that is what the SDK represents. This behavior is identical to how the "self-contained" feature is published: by default it uses what the SDK provides. The `NETCoreSdkRuntimeIdentifier` MSBuild property determines the bitness of *\*.comhost.dll*. The managed part is actually bitness agnostic as expected, but the accompanying native asset defaults to the SDK.

Reviewer: "to the SDK." -> "to the targeted SDK."
